What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A .git file is created. This is neccessary, if I want to start using git
 for files in the current directory.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
 repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area might not be directly linked to the computer, in the way
 that the directory is. That is to say, that the staging area is in a
 directory. The repository is where things from the working directory go,
 via the staging area.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can make sure that I add only one change to be commited. Then I use the git status command to make sure that only one file is in the staging area, ready for commit, before I commit.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

If I wnat to try something new or completely different, without changing the master branch, it can be good to work on a different line of thinking and coding, without having to revert to earlier commits to have a working version of the code.
This video from the course tells it in a great way: https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud775/l-2969618657/m-2955118962


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

I can see exactly where I have deviated from the Master (or other current) branch. This may explain to me why I can't access or see a change I have commited, if I am on another branch or if the commit was made in the middle of a branch, so that it doesn't affect the most recent commit at the very end of that branch.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The current, functional changes of the newest file version in each branch are used
and we get a new file at the top of the merged branch with functionality from both
branches.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

If I always had to merge manually, it would be much more time-consuming. On the other hand
I would have 100% control and have a hands-on way of working which I don't have completely with
automatic merging.



